welcome to small
today I have such a super compact
at with is the nikon coolpix s 9711 we
quickly see what 's in the box
is with this camera
a manual printed on top
that most pleasant than a pdf
and warranty card looks
we experience a sling
the well-known charging plug
the corresponding charger units usb cable
battery and of course the camera and the rest
I have a red here and a kind
mouse in inch silver and in even more
colors
very nice camera is nice and small
but it does look yes
and what are the key specs of this camera
well it is such a compact power
just said that means he
fairly small he is not too fat
it is not an elephant of the camera but
I will have large zoom range 30 times
sweet i couldn't get in
this compact and therefore quite an achievement
not such a small device so much sun it
is a zoom range with a large screen
it's not just in the distance
taking photos but also close by
shooting through that wide angle that is on it
it is full of modern functions
such as gps and wifi very easy
for geotagging if your location is yours
photos cheeks and wifi is natural
easy to go through photos right away
send to a mobile phone is there
then pop on facebook or wherever she wants
leave
to device is characterized by the
inside through the 16 megapixel
image sensor that can be found here
newer type of image sensor in the
predecessors and performance with little
slightly improved compared to the
Pastors was very important to you
so not only outside but also inside
can take good photos with this camera
he places for manual settings
from just like she's the big brother
reflexes has set dial that you
so we choose between your machine stand
your aperture position shutter speed position
your program position and of course the scene
film programs that are of course in full
hd with auto focus